Some tweaks in wording between inference providers / hf inference API (#1689)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-inference.md

Please refer to the [Inference Providers Documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers) for detailed information.

## What is HF-Inference API?

> HF-Inference API is the serverless Inference API powered by Hugging Face. This service used to be called “Inference API (serverless)” prior to Inference Providers. HF-Inference API is one of the many providers available on the Hugging Face Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HF-Inference API is one of the many providers available on the Hugging Face Hub.
It is deployed by Hugging Face ourselves, using text-generation-inference for LLMs for instance. This service used to be called “Inference API (serverless)” prior to Inference Providers. 
```
maybe like this
